kms: updates website to document encryption config hot reload changes (#38003)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kms-provider.md

             timeout: 3s
   ```

> Setting `--encryption-provider-config-automatic-reload` to `true` collapses all health checks to a single health check endpoint. Individual health checks are only available when KMS v1 providers are in used and encryption config is not auto-reloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `--encryption-provider-config-automatic-reload` to `true` collapses all health checks to a single health check endpoint. Individual health checks are only available when KMS v1 providers are in use and the encryption config is not auto-reloaded.
```

> Setting `--encryption-provider-config-automatic-reload` to `true` collapses all health checks to a single health check endpoint. Individual health checks are only available when KMS v1 providers are in used and encryption config is not auto-reloaded.

Reviewer 2: Provide a table that enumerates all possible configs with what healthz checks are present.

i.e. with + without reloads vs. kms v1 only, kms v2 only, kms v1+v2, no kms
